---
title: "June 2025"
description: "Edit more quickly & control mentions"
---

## New
- Quick Edit is back! This is a bot feature that allows you to edit webhook messages without leaving Discord. Just right-click or long-press a webhook message, go to "Apps", and press "Quick Edit", then follow the instructions.
- You can now precisely control pings in your webhook messages by going to "Options" at the bottom and selecting "Allowed Mentions". From here you can individually suppress the mentions you've placed in the message content.
  - Due to Discord limitations, this can't be copied when restoring, so the bot will try to assume the configuration when you load a message. You should make sure it's right before editing.
- There's now a sidebar for quick access to your servers, backups, share links, and Discohook's guides! Open it by clicking on your name at the top left.
- You can now press `ctrl+e`, `ctrl+m`, and `ctrl+p` to open the **e**moji, **m**entions, and timestam**p** pickers while focused on a text input (or `cmd` on Macs)
- Added a new help entry for "500: Internal Server Error" Discord responses when sending messages

## Fixed
- Fixed failure to resolve server data (like role lists) on the site
- Fixed an incorrect check for crossposted messages
- Fixed scrolling issues with long selects on mobile devices
- The "delete message" action now correctly tells you about its default behavior on component messages
- Fixed data responses showing up after logging in

## Updates
- Updated the layout on the trigger view page
- Loading the main Discohook page has been made faster
- Improved parent modal styling when nesting
- Upgraded channel and role selects to new version
