---
title: "June 2026"
description: ""
date: 2026-06
author: shay
---

Security Notice: Recently, an exploit was brought to my attention whereby a user with sufficient permissions could in essence assign a role to themselves higher than they should otherwise be able to access in the hierarchy due to an oversight in how flows check permissions. The issue was resolved as soon as possible. As a result, we have introduced the concept of "responsible users", which you can read more about [here](discohook://guide/troubleshooting/responsibility).

Unfortunately, at least one server saw its use in a legitimate attack. I apologize to them and to any others who have been affected.

## New

**Attachments & files overhaul!**
- Discohook now displays your draft attachments in a row, just like in the Discord app, and presents quick options for managing them.
  - -# **TIP:** To copy an attachment's name, click on the filename.
- Attachments can be rearranged without removing them
- You can reuse existing attachments within embeds/galleries
- If you refresh the page, it will alert you about missing files. This leads nicely into the next feature:

- Attachments can be uploaded to a remote file host, allowing them to persist in backups & flows
- 

- If a Discord error is encountered, the error page will be much more descriptive and may detail which permissions are missing, if applicable
- When loading the default Discohook message, the user is prompted to try editing standard or components-based messages (for new users), start a blank message, or load a recent backup (if logged in)
- There is now a total character counter for components-based messages
- "Large Image" and "Thumbnail" labels once again include the term "URL" to reduce confusion (you can still add local files)
- Changelogs are now separate from guides: <https://discohook.app/news/2026-05>

> -# Discohook's [Privacy Policy](<https://discohook.app/legal>) has been updated to address some of the new features in this update, in addition to changes to structure & wording for clarity among both documents.

## Fixed
- Fixed channel select not appearing for webhooks accessed from the server page ([#87](<https://github.com/discohook/discohook/issues/87>))
- Fixed webhook list on the server page changing dramatically after saving a webhook
- Fixed incorrect syntax in discord.py code generator ([#85](<https://github.com/discohook/discohook/issues/85>))
- Fixed absence of avatar fallback on server homepage
- Fixed incorrect invite link permissions

## Updates
- Components-based messages are now considered stable (no more info box)
